docs: initial commit of content projection topic (#41143)
angular/angular: aio/content/guide/content-projection.md

 <code-example path="content-projection/src/app/zippy-multislot/zippy-multislot.component.ts" header="content-projection/src/app/zippy-multislot/zippy-multislot.component.ts"></code-example>

Content that uses the `question` attribute is projected into the `ng-content` element with the `select=[question]` attribute.

<code-example path="content-projection/src/app/app.component.html" header="content-projection/src/app/app.component.html"
region="multi-slot"></code-example>

<div class="callout is-helpful">

<header>ng-content without a select attribute</header>

If your component includes an `ng-content` element without a `select` attribute, that instance receives all projected components that do not match any of the other `ng-content` elements.

In the preceding example, only the second `ng-content` element defines a `select` attribute. As a result, the first `ng-content` element receives any other content projected into the component.

</div>

{@a conditional }

## Conditional content projection

Another common scenario is *conditional content projection*. In this scenario, your component accepts projected content, but that content renders only when certain conditions are met.

> For this type of content projection, use of the `ng-content` element is not recommended. With `ng-content`, projected content is always initialized, even if the content never appears in the DOM. Instead, the recommended practice for conditional content projection is to use the `ng-template` element. Unlike `ng-content`, an `ng-template` element is constructed only when you specifically render it.

Reviewer: Reading through this again, I think there's some weirdness here around the fact that `ng-content` is something the _component_ defines, while `ng-template` is something the _user of the component_ provides. I might rework a bit such that we frame this as a component either using `ng-content` or accepting an `ng-template`, roughly like:

```markdown
Components that need to _conditionally_ render content, or render content multiple times,
should not use `ng-content`. When the consumer of a component supplies content, that
content is always initialized, even if the component does not define an `ng-content` or if
that `ng-content` is inside of an `ngIf`.

Instead of using `ng-content` in these cases, a component can accept an
`ng-template` that contains the content to be conditionally rendered. A component
can explicitly render the contents of an `ng-template` based on any condition it wants,
as many times as it wants. The content of an `ng-template` is not initialized until explicitly
rendered.
```

(I know this much iteration is annoying, I just didn't pick up on this in earlier passes)

1. Wrap the `ng-container` element in another element, such as a `div` element, and apply your conditional logic.

      <code-example path="content-projection/src/app/example-zippy.template.html"  header="content-projection/src/app/example-zippy.template.html" region="ngif">
      </code-example>

1. In the template where you want to project content, wrap the projected content in an `ng-template` element, such as:

      <code-example path="content-projection/src/app/app.component.html" region="ng-template">
      </code-example>

>    The `ng-template` element allows you to create and identify the template you want to project. In this example, the template also includes a custom attribute: `exampleZippyDirective`. In the example code, this attribute is the selector for an Angular directive, `cpExample`. This directive creates a `TemplateRef` instance, which allows Angular to reference the template so it can be projected into the component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ng-template` element defines a block of content that a component can render based on its own logic.
A component can get a reference to this template content, or **`TemplateRef`**, by using a `@ContentQuery`.
The above example creates a custom directive, `exampleZippyContent`, as an API to mark the `ng-template`
for the zippy's content. With the `TemplateRef`, the component can render the referenced content by using
either the `ngTemplateOutlet` directive, or with [`ViewContainerRef.createEmbeddedView`](link to this API).
```

I'd propose a different way of approaching this:
* We'd generally the term "render" to "project" when talking about `ng-template`
* I would refer to `TemplateRef` as a "reference to an ng-template" rather than saying `ng-template` _creates_ a `TemplateRef`. 
* Correct attribute name
* Refer to applying a directive as an API to mark the content rather than the directive's attribute selector

Reviewer 2: Incorporated, with a few (hopefully minor) changes. Thanks!

> # Content projection

Reviewer: Another thing this guide needs to cover: `ng-content` is a compiler primitive and doesn't create a real DOM element. As such, you can't put stuff on it (classes, attributes, template variables, etc.).

  <td><code>&lt;button content&gt;Test&lt;/button&gt;</code></td>
  </tr>
  </table>

 For example, the following component uses two  `ng-content` elements.

 <code-example path="content-projection/src/app/zippy-multislot/zippy-multislot.component.ts" header="content-projection/src/app/zippy-multislot/zippy-multislot.component.ts"></code-example>

Content that uses the `question` attribute is projected into the `ng-content` element with the `select=[question]` attribute.

<code-example path="content-projection/src/app/app.component.html" header="content-projection/src/app/app.component.html"
region="multi-slot"></code-example>

<div class="callout is-helpful">

<header>ng-content without a select attribute</header>

If your component includes an `ng-content` element without a `select` attribute, that instance receives all projected components that do not match any of the other `ng-content` elements.

In the preceding example, only the second `ng-content` element defines a `select` attribute. As a result, the first `ng-content` element receives any other content projected into the component.

</div>

{@a conditional }

## Conditional content projection

> Another common scenario is *conditional content projection*. In this scenario, your component accepts projected content, but that content renders only when certain conditions are met.

Reviewer: I think there's a bit missing from the explanation here in the distinction that `ng-content` changes _where_ content renders, but that content is *always* constructed/initialized no matter what, even if it's not in the DOM. This is in contrast to the `ng-template` approach which doesn't initialize anything until you explicitly render it. Understanding this distinction is important for component authors but we've never emphasized it.

Reviewer: IMO this _is_ that topic. The "ng-content" is Angular's API for doing content projection.

Reviewer 2: I understand where you're coming from, but I see this topic as a "how do I perform theses tasks", as opposed to a full reference topic. Somewhere in our documentation set, we should have an entire topic that just explains what ng-content, ng-template, and ng-container are, what attributes they support, and how they work. Those topics should appear in the reference topic, and a topic like this one should link to it.

As we don't have that kind of topic yet, I did update this one to include the information you referenced in your original topic.

      </code-example>

1. In the template where you want to project content from, wrap the projected content in an `ng-template` element, such as:

      <code-example path="content-projection/src/app/app.component.html" region="ng-template">
      </code-example>

   Notice that the preceding example assigns a custom attribute to the `ng-template` element.

1. Create a directive with a selector that matches the custom attribute for your template. In this directive, inject a TemplateRef instance.

   <code-example path="content-projection/src/app/app.component.ts" header="content-projection/src/app/app.component.ts" region="zippycontentdirective">
   </code-example>

1. In the component you want to project content into, use `@ContentChild` to get the template of the project content.

   <code-example path="content-projection/src/app/app.component.ts" header="content-projection/src/app/app.component.ts" region="contentchild">
   </code-example>

{@a cp-explanation }

As you can see in the preceding procedure, implementing conditional content projection in your application requires a few more steps compared to [single-slot](#single-slot) or [multi-slot](#multi-slot) projection.

> First, notice the use of `ng-container`. This special Angular element acts as a container for anything you put inside it. The element itself is never rendered in the DOM. In this example, the `ng-container` element contains an `ngTemplateOutlet` attribute. This attribute allows you to assign a template reference, known as `TemplateRef`, which points to a specific template in your application. At runtime, Angular replaces the `ng-container` element with the template referenced in the `ngTemplateOutlet` statement.

Reviewer: This is rooted in my own mental model of how this works- would it make sense to explain the concept of what's happening here first and then go into the example? I feel like the content breaks down what the different facets of the API do, but doesn't present a conceptual model for how to think about what's happening. IMO the main concept here is: "You hand a component a chunk of template, and that component decides when and how to render it out. That rendering can be based on whatever condition you want, and it can render it any number of times you want." Then you can get into the details of using `ngTemplateOutlet` to render the content and `@ContentChild` to get a reference to the template.

Reviewer 2: I think you're right. I've restructured this so that we go through the process step by step, first with the instruction, then with the code, and finally with an explanation. This puts the code first, which most developers request, but still includes explanatory content where it's contextually relevant.

> Next, observe the `ng-template` element. This is the element that allows you to create and identify the template you want to project into your component. In this example, the template also includes a custom attribute: `templateIdentifier`. In the example code, this attribute is the selector for an Angular directive, `cpExample`. This directive creates a `TemplateRef` instance, which allows Angular to reference the template so it can be projected into the component.

Reviewer: I don't see `templateIdentifier` or `cpExample` anywhere in the above examples

<code-example path="content-projection/src/app/app.component.html" header="content-projection/src/app/app.component.html"
region="multi-slot"></code-example>

In some cases, you might want to project content as a different element. For example, the content you want to project might be a child of another
element. You can accomplish this by using the `ngProjectAs` attribute.

For instance, consider the following HTML snippet:

<code-example path="content-projection/src/app/app.component.html" header="content-projection/src/app/app.component.html" region="ngprojectas">
</code-example>

This example uses an `ng-container` attribute to simulate projecting a component into a more complex structure.

<div class="callout is-helpful">

<header>Reminder!</header>

The `ng-container` element is a logical construct that you can use to group other DOM elements; however, the `ng-container` itself is not rendered in the DOM tree.

</div>

> In this example, the content we want to project resides inside another element. To project this content as intended, the template uses the `ngProjectAs` attribute. With `ngProjectAs`, the entire `ng-container` element is projected into a component, using the `question` selector.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In this example, the content we want to project resides inside another element. To project this content as intended, the template uses the `ngProjectAs` attribute. With `ngProjectAs`, the entire `ng-container` element is projected into a component using the `question` selector.
```
Removed stray comma.
